## Testing & Deploying with Remix

[Testing with Remix](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CYdOn0eiUXAyF83s0Fz78pUXdbAVu6cv977ivMEDXYU/edit?usp=sharing)

* If both contracts are deployed, first:
* 1. Copy Address of TokenFactory
* 2. in NftTheWorld: execute function setFactoryInterface() with just copied address
* 3. Copy Address of NftTheWorld
* 4. in TokenFactory execute function addtoAdminContracts() with just copied address
* Optional: In NftTheWorld: with addtoAdmins() add your teammates to contract, so they are elligible to test as well
* Feel free to test!


## Verifying & Publishing 
* 1. After deploying contract(s) go to https://kovan.etherscan.io/ and look for contract address
* 2. Hit tab "Contract" mid-page and just below click "Verify & Publish"
* 3. Select: Solidity (Single file), Compiler Version v0.8.10 & respective license type & continue
* 4. In next step, copy & paste contract source code, and eventual Constructor Arguments & other setting (not needed atm)
* 5. Find successfully generated ByteCode on next page



## Folder structure

* contracts/: Directory for Solidity contracts
* migrations/: Directory for scriptable deployment files
* test/: Directory for test files for testing your application and contracts

## Files 

* truffle-config.js: Truffle configuration file for setting network information and other project-related settings like compiler type (we are using version 0.8.10 atm).

* contracts/Migrations.sol: Manages and updates the status of the deployed smart contract. This file comes with every Truffle project, and is **usually not edited**.

* contracts/TokenFactory.sol: Needs to be deployed first. Handles token minting and is called from MainContract.

* contracts/MainContract.sol: Needs to be deployed second. Holds all main functionalities, like drop creation, joining a drop, getting drop data, etc.

* migrations/1_initial_migration.js: Migration (deployment) script for the Migrations contract found in the Migrations.sol file.

* migrations/2_deploy_token_factory.js: Migration script for the TokenFactory contract. (Migration scripts are run in order, so the file beginning with 2 will be run after the file beginning with 1.)

* migrations/3_deploy_main.js: Migration script for the main contract.


## Technical documentation

Both contracts are currently deployed on the kovan ethereum testnet. We decided to use kovan since it is not as vulnerable to spam attacks as other alternatives and has been online long enough for having a rather large community and therefore a lot of support. 

We decided to write the smart contract in [Solidity](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.9/)since it has a lot of features, like contract inheritance and the creation of libraries. 

[Truffle](https://trufflesuite.com/truffle/) is used as a development framework.




